<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<title>Groovy script</title>
</head>
<body>
	<h1>Groovy script</h1>
	<div id="help">
		<p>
			Using the <i>Groovy script</i> function you can control the
			transformation of source properties to a specific target property
			through a Groovy script. Basic knowledge of the Groovy language is
			recommended when using this function. The source properties you
			choose as variables are available as variables in the script.
		</p>
		<p>
			The Groovy script is called for each set of source property values to
			transform, and is responsible to create a corresponding target
			instance or value. The source variables may or may not be set,
			depending on the occurrence in the source instance. A source variable
			that is not set has a
			<code>null</code>
			value.
		</p>
		<p>By default the variables contain the value directly associated
			to a property. You can configure the function to instead use the
			property instances with their complete structure as variable values.
			There is a dedicated API to access the properties of any such
			instance - it is explained in the following chapter.</p>

		<h2>Groovy script (greedy)</h2>
		<p>
			The greedy version of the <i>Groovy script</i> is called for all 
			available source property values at once. Each source variable is 
			bound to a list of values which may be empty.
		</p>
		<h2>Access properties in instance variables</h2>
		<p>
			Assuming you have an instance variable called
			<code>instance</code>
			available in your script, then you can access the instance value with
			<code>instance.value</code>
			. With
			<code>instance.p</code>
			or
			<code>instance.properties</code>
			on the other hand, you can create a properties accessor.
			This also works for lists of instances in the case of a greedy Groovy script.
		</p>
		<include
			path="eu.esdihumboldt.cst.functions.groovy/help/common.xhtml/accessor" />

		<h2>The function result</h2>
		<p>The result of your function can be a plain value for the target
			property, a structured instance, or both, depending on the type of
			the target property.</p>
		<p>
			A plain value for the target property can be returned by making it
			the last statement in the script, or by explicitly exiting the script with the 
			<code>
				<b>return</b>
			</code>
			command.
		</p>

		<h3>Build a target instance</h3>
		<include
			path="eu.esdihumboldt.cst.functions.groovy/help/common.xhtml/builder" />
		<include
			path="eu.esdihumboldt.cst.functions.groovy/help/common.xhtml/property-results" />
		<include
			path="eu.esdihumboldt.cst.functions.groovy/help/common.xhtml/builder-accessor" />

		<!--
		<h3>Producing multiple results</h3>
		<p>The Groovy script function allows the creation of multiple result values, 
		if the target property may occur multiple times. To create multiple instances you can simply use
		</p>
		<pre><code><b>_target</b> {
  ...
}</code></pre>
		<p>multiple times. The return value is not used when creating multiple target instances.
		If you need to set the instance values, you can instead supply the value directly to the 
		<code><b>_target</b></code> call:
		</p>
		<pre><code><b>_target</b>(value) {
  ...
}</code></pre>
		<p>To create multiple plain values you simply leave out the closure:
		</p>
		<pre><code><b>_target</b>(value)</code></pre>
		<p>Again, the return value of the script is not used in this case.
		</p>
		-->
		
		<include
			path="eu.esdihumboldt.cst.functions.groovy/help/common.xhtml/helper-functions" />

		<include
			path="eu.esdihumboldt.cst.functions.groovy/help/common.xhtml/binding-content" />

		<include
			path="eu.esdihumboldt.cst.functions.groovy/help/common.xhtml/collectors" />
	</div>
</body>
</html>