<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="new.css" />
<title>What's new in HALE 2.5</title>
</head>
<body>
	<h1>What's new in HALE 2.5</h1>
	<p>These are the descriptions of some of the more interesting or
		significant changes made to HALE for the 2.5.0 release since the last
		stable release 2.1.2. This includes the milestone releases 2.5.0.M1
		and 2.5.0.M2 and the release candidate 2.5.0.RC1.</p>

	<ul>
		<li><a href="#2_5_0_Header">New in 2.5.0</a></li>
		<li><a href="#2_5_0_RC1_Header">2.5.0.RC1</a>
			<ul>
				<li><a href="#2_5_0_RC1_UI">User Interface</a></li>
				<li><a href="#2_5_0_RC1_Core">Under the Hood</a></li>
			</ul></li>
		<li><a href="#2_5_0_M2_Header">2.5.0.M2</a>
			<ul>
				<li><a href="#2_5_0_M2_UI">User Interface</a></li>
				<li><a href="#2_5_0_M2_Core">Under the Hood</a></li>
			</ul></li>
		<li><a href="#2_5_0_M1_Header">2.5.0.M1</a>
			<ul>
				<li><a href="#2_5_0_M1_UI">User Interface</a></li>
				<li><a href="#2_5_0_M1_Core">Under the Hood</a></li>
			</ul></li>
	</ul>

	<p>
		Have a look <a href="2_5_0_before_after.html">here</a> to see how the
		look of HALE has changed since the previous stable release.
	</p>

	<br />

	<!-- 2.5.0 -->
	<br />
	<h2 id="2_5_0_Header">New in 2.5.0</h2>
	<table border="0" cellpadding="15" cellspacing="0" class="news"
		id="2_5_0_RC1">
		<tbody>
			<tr>
				<td class="title">Several bugfixes</td>
				<td class="content">Based on the feedback from the use of the
					release candidate we could identify and solve several bugs to make
					HALE ready for the stable release. For instance, the issues with
					the map view and the help browser on Linux/GTK have been resolved
					and the performance of the XML/GML encoding has been improved.</td>
			</tr>

			<tr>
				<td class="title">Headless transformation API</td>
				<td class="content">Transformation API for use in automated
					processes and in applications without User Interface. The headless
					transformation API is also used in the new HALE server application.</td>
			</tr>

			<tr>
				<td class="title">Export project as Zip archive</td>
				<td class="content">To share your HALE projects the best option
					is to save them as a HALE project archive. This includes all
					relevant files in one Zip file - you can even include resources
					like schemas, that are available through the web (or maybe only
					your internal intranet). To load such an archive, just load the Zip
					file as a project in HALE. A project archive can also is the best
					way to deploy your project to a HALE server.</td>
			</tr>
		</tbody>
	</table>

	<!-- 2.5.0.RC1 -->
	<br />
	<h2 id="2_5_0_RC1_Header">2.5.0.RC1</h2>
	<include
		path="eu.esdihumboldt.hale.doc.user/html/new/2_5_0_RC1.xhtml/2_5_0_RC1" />

	<!-- 2.5.0.M2 -->
	<br />
	<h2 id="2_5_0_M2_Header">2.5.0.M2</h2>
	<include
		path="eu.esdihumboldt.hale.doc.user/html/new/2_5_0_M2.xhtml/2_5_0_M2" />

	<!-- 2.5.0.M1 -->
	<br />
	<h2 id="2_5_0_M1_Header">2.5.0.M1</h2>
	<include
		path="eu.esdihumboldt.hale.doc.user/html/new/2_5_0_M1.xhtml/2_5_0_M1" />

</body>
</html>