<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<title>Common elements for SpatiaLite documentation</title>
</head>
<body>
	<div id="spatialite">
		<h2>SpatiaLite</h2>
		<p>
			To support SpatiaLite the
			<code>mod_spatialite</code>
			extension for SQLite must be available. For Windows users the
			extension is provided together with hale studio, for other
			operating systems you may find it in your package manager or can
			compile it yourself.
		</p>
		<p><i>hale studio</i> specifically supports version 3 and 4 of SpatiaLite, but
			should also work with previous versions. Please let us know if you
			experience any problems working with your files.</p>
			
		<h3>SpatiaLite on Windows</h3>
		<p>
			<i>hale studio</i> ships with the SQLite extension <code>mod_spatialite</code> (Version 4.2.0),
			which is available as DLLs in the main <i>hale studio</i> directory. You can
			replace the library and its dependencies with different versions, e.g. as provided on
			the <a href="http://www.gaia-gis.it/gaia-sins/" target="_blank">project
				page</a>.
		</p>
		
		<h3>SpatiaLite on Linux</h3>
		<p>
			To compile <code>mod_spatialite</code> please follow the <a
				href="http://www.gaia-gis.it/gaia-sins/linux_how_to.html"
				target="_blank">instructions</a> on the <a
				href="http://www.gaia-gis.it/gaia-sins/" target="_blank">project
				page</a>. The SQLite extension is part of the <a
				href="https://www.gaia-gis.it/fossil/libspatialite" target="_blank">libspatialite</a>
			project where you can also find the source code.
		</p>
		<p>You may need to install certain prerequisites to be able to
			compile the library. As an example, on Ubuntu 15.04 we needed to
			install the following packages:</p>
		<ul>
			<li>libproj-dev</li>
			<li>libsqlite3-dev</li>
			<li>libfreexl-dev</li>
			<li>libgeos-dev</li>
			<li>libxml2-dev</li>
		</ul>
		<p>After compiling/installing the library, make sure that <code>mod_spatialite.so</code>
			is available on your library path.</p>
	</div>
</body>
</html>